NARRATOR:
Somewhere,
hidden amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us!
[BOTH GIGGLING]
NARRATOR:
Ben & Holly's Little Kingdom.
[TRUMPET CALLS]
Today's adventure starts
at the great elf tree.
HOLLY:
Morning, Noon and Night.
[BEN SNORING]
[CLOCK TICKING]
[RINGS]
7:00. Time to get up.
Ben!
Breakfast's ready.
Thanks, Dad.
[MUNCHING]
Right then,
let's get your hair brushed.
Let's get your elf hat on.
MRS. ELF:
Don't forget your new watch.
There, now you're ready
for school.
But, Mom, Elf School
doesn't start for ages.
Can I go and see Holly?
I want to show her
my new watch.
MRS. ELF:
Okay, but make sure
you get to school on time.
Of course I will.
Elves are never late,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[GIGGLES]
Phew, Mr. Elf.
Morning's are such hard work.
I should say so.
[HOLLY SNORING]
[ROOSTER CROWING]
That's the cockerel crow,
Princess Holly.
Time for fairies
to get up.
[YAWNS]
Is it morning already?
Breakfast's ready, Holly.
[YAWNS]
Thank you, Nanny Plum.
Let's get
your hair brushed, Holly.
[YAWNS]
And here's your crown.
QUEEN:
All done.
[YAWNS]
Mornings are such hard work.
[DOORBELL DINGING]
Hello, Nanny Plum.
What is it, Ben?
I haven't got time
to be answering the door
to elves.
Can Holly come out to play?
I'm afraid Princess Holly
is too busy to--
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Holly.
I've got a new watch.
HOLLY: Wow. Is it a real watch?
[CLOCK TICKING]
BEN:
Yes. You can hear it ticking.
Oh, yes.
Can you tell the time, Ben?
Not yet,
but we're going to learn
how to tell the time
at school today.
Yes. Well, I'm sure
you don't want to be late.
I'm an elf.
Elves are never late.
[BLOWS HORN]
Bye, Holly.
Bye, Ben.
I wish I had a watch.
Whatever for,
Princess Holly?
If I had a watch
I could tell the time.
We fairies
don't need watches.
We have different ways
of telling the time.
Like what, Nanny?
We have dandelion clocks.
Here's a good one.
How can a dandelion
tell the time?
We count how many puffs it takes
to blow away all the seeds.
Like this.
One...
Two...
Three.
It took three puffs,
that means 3:00.
Hee-hee-hee.
I want a go.
One.
That means 1:00.
Wow. So is it really 1:00?
Ha, ha. Not really.
It's just a game.
But Ben's learning
to tell the time properly.
Can I go to his lesson?
[SIGHS]
All right.
But I'm sure
it won't be much fun.
When the big hand
and the little hand
are pointing straight up,
it is 12:00.
Hello, Wise Old Elf.
Ah. Good day, Nanny Plum.
Can we join you?
Yes.
As long as you are quiet.
Righty-o.
Hm. Now, who can tell me
[CLOCK TICKING]
how we know
a watch is working?
We can hear its ticking.
Oh. Yes, Holly, very good.
You see? We fairies
know all about time.
But you fairies
don't have watches or clocks.
We have our own ways
of telling the time.
Hm, I'm sure you do.
Now, how do we know when
to wake up in the morning?
The alarm clock rings.
Correct.
I wake up
when the cockerel crows.
Cock-a-doodle-doo!
Yes, I see.
And how do we know
when it's time
to go to sleep?
When the clock says
it's bedtime.
Yes. Correct again.
I go to sleep
when the owl hoots.
Twit-a-woo!
[ALL LAUGHING]
But without clocks
how do you know what time it is?
We have dandelion clocks.
Look.
One...
Hee, hee.
Can I have a go?
Two...
And me.
Three.
That means 3:00.
[ALL LAUGHING]
Stop, stop, stop!
That's all fairy nonsense.
Ha, ha. But it's fun.
Fun has nothing to do
with telling the time.
I don't suppose you fairies
can tell me what time it is now?
It's noon.
Ah. Yes, Holly. Well done.
Wow. How did
you know that?
Because the sun is high up
in the sky.
[STOMACH RUMBLING]
And I know it's lunchtime
because my tummy
is rumbling.
Ho-ho-ho. How silly.
Excuse me.
My tummy is never wrong.
[RINGS]
Oh. It is lunchtime.
School is finished
for today.
ALL:
Hooray!
Holly,
would you like to come over
to play this afternoon?
Yes.
Okay. See you later,
alligator.
In a while, crocodile.
[GIGGLING]
Hm, it's almost 6:00.
Where's Holly?
Hi, Ben.
You're late.
Fairies are always late.
And I'm a fairy.
[BEN GIGGLES]
Hurry up.
I've got something to show you.
[TICKING]
What's that noise?
You'll see.
[HOLLY PANTING]
Are we there yet?
Nearly.
This way.
Hello, Princess Holly.
Hello, Wise Old Elf.
This is the Great Elf Clock.
Wow.
The most accurate clock
of all.
What does accurate mean?
It means it always tells
the right time.
Quite so, Ben.
I set it every night
by the distant bells.
They usually ring about now.
[NANNY PLUM SCATTING]
[STOMACH RUMBLING]
Oh. My tummy's rumbling.
That means
it's time for dinner.
Dinner time!
[BELL RINGING]
The bells! The bells!
Now I need
to adjust the clock.
But that's just Nanny Plum.
What do you mean?
Nanny rings the bell
every night,
when it's dinner time.
[CLEARS THROAT]
And how does Nanny Plum know
it's dinner time?
Her tummy rumbles.
What?
You mean I've been setting
the Great Elf Clock
to a fairy's
tummy rumble?
HOLLY:
Yes. Hee-hee-hee.
[CHIMING]
Ho-ho-ho. Her tummy does seem
to be amazingly accurate.
It is dinner time.
[ALL LAUGH]
Bye, Ben.
See you
tomorrow, Holly.
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
"And the beautiful princess
lived happily ever after.
The end."
Time to sleep, Holly.
But, Daddy,
the owl hasn't hooted yet.
[OWL HOOTING]
There's the owl now.
"And the fierce dragon
ate the witch.
"And everyone lived
happily ever after.
The end."
Time to sleep, Ben.
But, Mom,
the clock hasn't chimed yet.
[CLOCK CHIMING]
Ah, it's chiming now.
Good night, Holly.
[SNORING]
Good night, Ben.
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure
starts at Gaston's cave.
HOLLY:
Gaston's Visit.
Gaston!
Are you coming out to play?
[SNEEZES]
Oh. Gaston's sneezing.
Mommy, Daddy.
Gaston the Ladybird's
caught a cold.
[SNEEZES]
I'm not surprised.
His cave is leaking.
Look.
Hm. There's
a hole here.
Maybe if we move
that pebble over it...
WISE OLD ELF:
Good day.
Good day, Wise Old Elf.
Uh, what seems to be
the problem?
Gaston's cave is leaking.
Hm. Leaks can be tricky.
What you need is
a proper builder to fix it.
But where can we find
a builder?
I'm a builder.
Really?
Oh, yes.
Elves are very good
at building,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
In that case, I command you
to fix Gaston's cave.
Yes, Your Majesty,
a wise decision.
Hm. Interesting.
There seems to be water
dripping in.
Yes, and there's
a hole up here.
Ho-ho-ho.
That hole won't be
the cause of the leak.
How do you know?
With respect,
some things are best left
to proper builders.
So how long will it take
to fix the leak?
Oh, it will take
a very, very long time.
[SNEEZES]
And while the building work
is going on,
the ladybird won't be able
to live here.
BEN:
But Gaston's got a cold.
Where can he stay?
Well, perhaps
Gaston could stay with us.
Yippee.
Are you sure you know
what you're doing, darling?
Ho, ho. Of course I know
what I'm doing.
I'm king.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[SNEEZES]
[]
[RINGING]
Lunch time.
Oh, I'm afraid
insects are not allowed
inside the castle.
It's all right, Nanny Plum.
Daddy's invited Gaston
to stay with us.
Oh. Very well then.
Make yourself at home,
Gaston.
[BARKS]
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Gaston.
Ladybird.
NANNY PLUM:
I hope he's going
to learn to wipe his feet.
KING:
Gaston isn't well, Nanny.
[SNEEZES]
KING:
And he hasn't got
anywhere to stay.
I'm still not sure
it's a good idea
for him to stay with us.
Don't worry, darling,
Gaston will be no trouble
at all.
QUEEN:
So where is he going to sit?
He can sit
on this little chair.
[BARKING]
Nanny Plum,
you can speak ladybird.
What's he saying?
Gaston says
this chair is too little.
Ah, no.
That's the queen's chair.
Ho, ho.
Don't fuss, Nanny Plum.
The queen doesn't mind.
Do you, darling?
[BARKING]
NANNY PLUM:
Gaston says
this chair is too hard.
Ahem. Actually, Gaston,
that's my chair.
[BARKS]
NANNY PLUM:
Gaston says,
"This chair is just right."
Goodness.
It's like having
Goldilocks to stay.
[BEN & HOLLY LAUGHING]
Never mind, Daddy,
you can sit
on this little chair.
Yummy. Thanks, Nanny.
Yes, this food
is delicious.
[BARKING]
I suppose
I'd better magic up
some special ladybird food.
By a ladybird's growl
Food, smelly and fowl
[RASPBERRY BLOWS]
[CHILDREN GRUNT]
ALL:
Smelly welly.
[SNIFFS]
[LAUGHS]
Gaston loves smelly food.
[SLURPS THEN BARKS]
Uh,
why isn't he eating it then?
Gaston says it's too cold.
[BARKING]
Uh, hello, Gaston.
[BARKS]
Daddy,
I think
he wants to try your food.
Hm. Have a little taste
if you like, Gaston.
[MUNCHES]
[BARKING]
Gaston says it's just right.
[MUNCHING]
[BURPS]
HOLLY:
It's such fun
having Gaston visit us.
Can he stay with us
forever and ever, Daddy?
Uh, maybe not forever.
But he can stay
until his house is mended.
HOLLY:
Oh, goody.
[GRUNTS]
And the weather
in little kingdom today
will be bright and sunny
everywhere.
Look, King Thistle,
Gaston's getting better.
[BARKS]
Splendid.
...and the pixie pound
has seen a drop
to the goblin dollar.
NANNY PLUM:
Um, Gaston says
that this TV program
is a bit boring.
How about this one?
[BELLS TOLLING]
[BARKING]
NANNY PLUM:
And this program's too noisy.
Hm...
[BARKING]
NANNY PLUM:
Ah. This program is just right.
[CHUCKLING]
Look, Daddy,
Gaston's not sneezing anymore.
So, uh, now Gaston's better,
maybe he can go home.
But, Daddy,
Gaston can't go home
until his home is mended.
He might catch another cold,
and then he'll be sad.
Yes, we wouldn't
want Gaston to be sad.
[BARKING]
Gaston says
you are the nicest king
in the whole world.
Thank you, Gaston.
Uh, maybe I'll go and see
how the elves are getting on
at your cave.
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING OVER RADIO]
Hello, Wise Old Elf.
How much longer
is this going to take?
As we builders say,
there's no point
in rushing things.
Well, maybe a little rushing
wouldn't do any harm?
I'm afraid we have a lot
of problems to deal with,
Your Majesty.
Uh, it's probably
a silly idea,
but have you tried moving
that pebble over the hole?
WISE OLD ELF:
Ho, ho. You're right.
That is a silly idea.
Maybe it's still worth
a try?
With respect, Your Majesty,
we each
have our jobs to do.
You're the king,
and I'm the builder.
Of course.
[ROCK MUSIC CONTINUES
PLAYING OVER RADIO]
[YAWNS]
It's been a long day.
I think
I'll go to bed early.
Uh, Your Majesty,
that might be a problem.
What do you mean?
Well,
it's to do with Gaston.
Yes?
Nanny magicked this basket
for Gaston to sleep in.
Well done, Nanny.
But the basket
was too drafty.
Hm.
Then he tried my bed,
but that was too soft.
Oh, dear. I don't like
the sound of this.
Don't worry, Daddy.
Gaston's found a bed
that he says is just right.
[CLANGING]
[BARKING]
Oh. But that's my bed.
What's he saying now?
Gaston says
he is very tired
and would like
to go to sleep now.
[]
[LOUD BREATHING]
[SNORING]
Good night, Gaston.
Sleep tight.
So where
are we going to sleep?
[COCKEREL CROWING]
[GRUNTING]
That was the most
uncomfortable night ever.
[GROANS]
How long is Gaston
going to stay with us?
I did say he could stay here
until his cave was mended.
And how long
will that take?
I don't know.
Let's go and see
how those elves are getting on.
[ROCK MUSIC
PLAYING OVER RADIO]
Hello. Have you fixed
Gaston's cave yet?
Gaston really misses his home,
Wise Old Elf.
Good news.
[TURNS OFF RADIO]
We've replaced the rotting wood,
plastered the ceiling...
And fixed the leak?
WISE OLD ELF:
No, not yet.
But I'm sure, in time,
we'll sort it out.
Have you just tried
moving this pebble?
[KING GRUNTS]
Hooray! King Thistle's mended
Gaston's cave.
Well done, Daddy.
Amazing work,
Your Majesty.
Have you ever thought
of becoming a builder yourself?
Uh, actually, no.
I think I'll just stick
to being king.
Look, Gaston,
your cave's ready.
You can go home now.
[BARKING]
Gaston says
thank you and bye-bye.
Bye-bye, Gaston.
Bye-bye.
It was fun having you
to stay.
We'll be so sad
to see you go.
[BARKING]
Gaston says he doesn't
want you to be sad,
so he'll come and stay with you
for a bit longer.
It's okay.
I won't be that sad.
[BARKING]
NANNY PLUM:
Gaston insists, Your Majesty.
Very well. Lovely.
ALL CHILDREN:
Hooray!
[BARKS]
[]